explain CORS wildcard override behaviour (#1746)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/configuration/app/web.md

Note that the `headers` directive applies only to static content.  Headers for responses generated by your application are unaffected.  If custom headers for certain file types or frame control are needed, set them from within the application.

## Why is my Access-Control-Allow-Origin header being overwritten?

To allow cross origin requests, the `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` header can be added to responses. However, when this header is configured with the value of `*`, the response headers will be modified in the following ways:

> 1. The value of the `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` will be set to the value of the `Origin` request header

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The value of the `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` header will be set to the value of the `Origin` request header.
```

2. The `Vary` header will be included, and its value will be set to `Origin`.

> This concept is explained in more detail here: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS#access-control-allow-origin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This concept is explained in more detail in the [CORS section of the Mozilla Developer Network documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS#access-control-allow-origin):
```
